Week 1 Lesson Plan 

What are our objectives today?
-Discuss Python basics
-create our first hello world app.
-run your app.
-learn how to comment.
-If we have extra time we can start assignment operators and variables.

Introduction:
What is object-oriented programming?
-Object oriented programming is programming in which software design is around data or objects, rather than functions and logic.
-Two of the most popular OOP languages are Java and Python.
-An example of object-oriented programming would be if we were working with a program used in a school.  An object we may use is a student, we are able 
to give this student a firstName, lastName, studentId, DOB, etc.  The jist is that you give these attributes to a student object as opposed to simply 
passing a student age or name is to make your code more reusable, scalable, and to cut down on redundancy in code.  Something important you will learn 
is that coding once is better than having to make many small changes.
-We will come back and discuss compilers, interpreters, etc. for now stick with the lesson and get the basics down before worrying too much about the 
behind the scenes.

What will we be learning?
-We will be learning Python.

Why Python?
-Python is very readable for new programmers and will allow you to focus on the code rather than the intricacies.  Python scripts are very adaptable 
and can be run almost anywhere, much like Java.  Python is a very widely used language and it is a good start for new programmers, with a robust 
open-source community to pull from.

What is open-source programming?
Open-source code is free and very accessible.  Lucky for us, the open-source community is very large and well maintained.  Open-source code allows us 
to focus on the objective of our code rather than every aspect of business logic.  Why reinvent the wheel if someone already created it and tested it for 
you.  Only in this case the people in question number in the hundreds and thousands, sometimes even millions.

Where will we be writing our code?
We will be using Replit, a free online IDE, console, and compiler that you can access from your web browser.  Other options are visual studio code, 
Jupyter notebook, etc.  You can try those on your time but for ease we will use Replit.

Documentation:
If you want a head start you can look into the Python documentation and you will learn that documentation will be your best friend.  This language is
very well maintained and accessible online, you have the internet, so the world is your oyster.  There is documentation for pretty much anything under 
the sun you may want to know.

Resources:
Stack overflow is a resource you will come to be very familiar with.  It is a developer community where questions can be asked and answered on 
just about any programming language, not just Python.  Most of your questions will have already been asked on stack overflow.  I know you will probably
just copy and paste your code, but at least attempt to understand what is happening in it.  It’s never fun to explain mystery code you know nothing about, 
I suggest using it as a tool not a crutch.  At least until you have the fundamentals down.



